Document SQLite database tuning and cache_size for large libraries (#1955)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/administration/storage.md

Note that changing the record size on an existing ZFS dataset will not change the existing data within it, meaning performance will not be any different for anything but newly-written changes into the dataset. As such, it is recommended to rewrite your data into the dataset to take advantage of the change in record size; otherwise, the configuration change will not yield the expected change in performance.

As ZFS snapshots can use a lot of storage over time without a sensible `destroy` schedule, there may be a temptation to keep your data on a mechanical drive instead of an SSD. Do not use ZFS-formatted mechanical drives to store your Jellyfin Server data (everything except your media files), as this will result in poor performance. An SSD is strongly recommended.

> For SQLite tuning options such as the `cacheSize` setting that helps large libraries, see the [Database section](/docs/general/administration/configuration#database) of the Configuration page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For SQLite tuning options such as the `cacheSize` setting that may help large libraries, see the [Database section](/docs/general/administration/configuration#database) of the Configuration page.
```
